The advice that I have received from from peers, superiors and subordinates
that has really helped me move forward is first and foremost.
Take care of your people if you show an interest in your people than
that resonates in different parts of the job, and people see that and
you'll get a big you get a boost because because people talk about
you being a pretty good officer, it doesn't matter if you're demanding.
It doesn't matter if you're hard nosed and persistent. If you're
helping people, they end up respecting you because maybe even because
of those things, maybe we respect him or because of those things.
They know what to expect from you, and they can consider you a reliable
person, a reliable officer.